# Group 1 Security and Privacy Project

## Project Description
In this project, we developed an online shopping website called Giorgio Linguini Boutique to provide customers with good shopping experience.

The website has two versions:
- An unsafe version has vulnerabilities that can be exploited by attackers.
- A secure version is capable of effectively resisting various types of cyberattacks.

Specifically, we simulated three types of cyberattacks, including Brute-Force Attempts on Administrative Interfaces, Cross-Site Scripting(XSS) and Denial of Service (DoS), and designed corresponding defense mechanisms for each of the attack.

## Group Member
- **Yikun Li:** 24118319
- **Linuo Zhu:** 21019725
- **Yinan Wang:** 21020429
- **Shaheen Rajith:** 23048826

## File Overview
The project is organized into the following folders and files:
- **attacks** Contains all the simulated cyberattack scripts used in this project, including Brute-Force Attempts on Administrative Interfaces, Cross-Site Scripting(XSS) and Denial of Service (DoS).
  - `XSS_attack.py`: Contains functions used to simulate XSS attacks.
  - `honeypot_bot.py`: Contains functions used to simulate brute-force attacks.
  - `DoS_attack.py`: Contains functions used to simulate DoS attack.
  - `DoS_attack_fixed.py`: Contains functions for launching DoS attacks against website that uses client puzzle mechanisms.

- **defence_system** Contains functions used for defending against the cyberattacks, including Honeypot, XSS defense mechanism, SVM-based DoS attack defense system.
  - `dos_defence.py`: Contains functions used to implement SVM-based DoS attack defense system.
  - `honeypot_defence.py`: Contains functions used to implement honeypot.
  - `XSS_defence.py`: Contains functions used to defend XSS attack.

- **env/** Includes the descriptions of the environment required to run the project
  - `environment.yml`: Defines the environment and its version
  - `requirements.txt`: Lists python packages that required to run the code 

- **figures**: Stores the confusion matrix of the SVM model on the test set.

- **logs**: Contains the experimental results generated by honeypot.

- **models**: Contains the SVM model and standard preprocessing methods used in the SVM-based DoS attack defense system.

- **Resource_Usage**: Contains process data recorded during the DoS attack, including CPU usage, memory usage and the response time to each request.

- **templates**: the HTML files used for the front-end of the website
  - `checkout.html`: Checkout page
  - `login_safe.html`: Login page with Client Puzzle mechanism
  - `login.html`: Login page
  - `otp.html`: One-Time Password (OTP) verification page
  - `register.html`: User registration page
  - `shop.html`: Shop page

- **dataset_use.csv**: Contains the DoS attack dataset used for training the SVM model.

- **honeypot_server.py**: Contains the relevant code for the Honeypot server.

- **README.md**: The introduction of the whole porject.

- **test_data.csv**: Contains the traffic data used to test our SVM-based DoS defense system.

- **trail.py**: Website Test Script

- **Website.py**: An unsafe version has vulnerabilities that can be exploited by attackers

- **Website_safe.py**: A secure version is capable of effectively resisting various types of cyberattacks.

## How to Run the Code
1. **Open the terminal and use cd to navigate to the root directory**
2. **Create the Conda Environment:**
   ```bash
   sudo conda env create -f env/environment.yml
3. **Check the Environment:**
   ```bash
   conda info --envs
4. **Activate the Environment:**
   ```bash
   conda activate SECPRI
5. **Install the required packages:**
   ```bash
   pip install -r env/requirements.txt
6. Run the local website and test cyberattacks and defense strategies following the provided video demonstration.

## Note
1. Before running the code, please manually set your SQL database password in the Website.py and Website_safe.py files.